Fix scrambled dialog lines based on ekibun's dump (#19)
IllusionMods/SVS-Translation: Translation/en/Text/Dialogue/c06.txt

「愛してるって『いっぱい好き』ってことだよね！」=「Saying 'I love you' means 'I really like you,' right?」
「えっ！？　そ、それは……言えないよぉ……♪」=「Eh!? Th-that is... I can't say it...」
「はい、わたしの勝ち～！」=「Yup, I win~!」

> 「揉むと大きくなるらしいけど……このままでもいいよね♪」=「Even if they say it grows bigger... it's fine as it is, right♪」

Author: ```suggestion
「揉むと大きくなるらしいけど……このままでもいいよね♪」=「Apparently it gets bigger when you rub it, but... it should fine to keep going.♪」
```
